AgPiFoj stands for 'Another geotag plug-in for Josm'.

FEATURES

- Access by a new menu item in the 'File' menu. This menu loads pictures and 
  makes a new layer from them in the map view.
- Displays the images in a ToggleDialog (so it appears as a panel on the right 
  of the screen and can be shown/hidden with a click on a button of the left 
  toolbar. It can be set in a separate window by clicking the sticky button)
- Loads geotag data from exif or correlate pictures with GPS tracks.
- Displays the pictures as a little camera icon in the map view (this improves 
  the speed of loading large sets of pictures). The selected picture appears in
  red. 
- Easy zoom in/out of the image with the mouse wheel. Hability to move the 
  image by clicking and/or dragging on it with mouse left button, or to select 
  the part of the image to zoom in by dragging the right button.
- Displays the altitude and speed of the photo when available from the GPS 
  track.
- Hability to synchronize a same set of photos with many GPS tracks (choose 
  item 'Correlate to GPX' in the contextual menu of the layer). If a  picture 
  set and a GPS track were badly time-synchronized, just load again the same 
  GPX track on the layer, by specifying a different offset and/or timezone.
- Adds a viewport to the left toolbar : with all these plug-ins that add buttons
  to that toolbar, some of them became inaccessible. This adds some little 
  arrows on top and bottom of the toolbar.

NOTE 
For the user who used to use the 'Import images' option on GPS layers, the 
timezone is the opposite : it is greater than 0 when going to the east of
Greenwich Meridian.

INSTALL

To install, put the agpifoj.jar in the JOSM plugin directory. Then in JOSM, 
select the menu Edit / Preferences and the plugins tab. Check the agpifoj 
plugin check-box, and restart JOSM. You'll seee the AgPiFoj menu item in 
the 'File' menu.

BUILD 

The source code is in the agpifoj.jar : unzip it.
Edit the build.xml to set the path to your josm-latest.jar as property.
Run ant.
The plugin jar file is in the dist directory.

Tested on the latest JOSM version (build 521).

CONTRIBUTION

I got inspiration and some code from the Geotagged plugin (by Rob Neild) 
and the core JOSM source code (by Immanuel Scholz and others). This plugin is 
delivered under the GPL licence terms. It also uses the jpeg metadata 
extraction code is from Drew Noakes (bundled with Josm).

---

Hope you'll find it useful.
