PICLAYER
========

This plugin is meant for showing images as a background of the data being edited.It offers two ways of loading the data - from a file and from the clipboard.This is an early version and is not end-user-proof, so please follow the steps exactly in case you want to use it.Actually... it's barely working at the moment but I already find it very useful :).

NOTE: Make sure the image is suitable, copyright-wise, if in doubt, don't use.
Step 1) Load some data from the server so that map is visible.
Step 2) Go to PicLayer menu and either choose to add a layer from a file or from the clipboard.
Step 2a) If you chose a file, a file selector will pop-up. Choose the image you want. Of course the format you are using might not be supported yet :)
Step 2b) If you chose a clipboard, please wait. For some reason it takes time. To be fixed later.
NOTE) If something failed, you should get a message box. If not - check the console for messages (Linux only?)
Step 3) Once the image is visible you may start positioning it. For that - select the PicLayer in the layers list and activate it (!).
Step 4) Start aligning the image.
Step 4a) Move the image by choosing 'Move' from the toolbar and draggin the mouse around with left button pressed.
Step 4b) Rotate the image by choosing 'Rotate' from the toolbar and draggin the mouse up/down with left button pressed.
Step 4c) Scale the image by choosing 'Scale' from the toolbar and draggin the mouse up/down with left button pressed.
NOTE) If it does not work - make sure the right layer is selected.
Step 5) If you need to reset your changes - you can use the popup menu available under the PicLayer entry in the layer list.

This plugin is meant to help with mapping from photos (for me it's mostly buildings) for people who simply don't like MetaCarta Rectifier (like me).

Although I wrote it only to help myself and currently have no intention of extending it beyond what I need, you may still contact me with any suggestions that you think are important: tomasz.stelmach@poczta.onet.pl

I used wmsplugin and routing plugin code very much during coding. Thank you and I hope you don't mind :)

HISTORY:
========

2009.08.28:
- added support for scaling in one axis only
- added new icons
